>> And I think many people
today don't know what to believe
anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> We need to give
people the information.
>> NARRATOR: And now the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Since
the beginning of time,
mankind has tried to
determine his origins.
How did we get here?
Where are we going?
On "Beyond Belief"
we're going to explore
some of those major questions.
For more than 40 years,
our special guest
has challenged himself
to try to uncover
some of the mysteries
of human origins.
Let's hear it for Lloyd Pye.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: Lloyd, welcome.
>> LLOYD PYE: Thank you.
Thank you, very much.
Good to be with you.
>> NOORY: Always a pleasure
to see and talk to you.
>> PYE: Always, really?
>> NOORY: How are you?
>> PYE: Very well.
Very well.
>> NOORY: How did you get
involved in trying to determine
where the heck we came from?
>> PYE: I don't know.
I think I was born
crazy, a little bit,
and just didn't follow
the normal path.
I was always interested
in the unusual.
And I just began to take
it seriously, and then
a little more seriously, and
then a little more seriously.
And here I am today.
It's just one of those
kind of follow your nose,
follow your instincts things.
>> NOORY: And it's a
passion with you, Lloyd.
>> PYE: Oh, absolutely.
>> NOORY: Because I've
never seen you give up.
You keep pushing.
You're trying to get these
answers, as we all are.
Are we getting any closer to
trying to determine who are we,
and where we came from?
>> PYE: Really, I have my
finger on the pulse of a lot
of things, just like you do.
And I think we both
can honestly say
we're closer now than
we've ever been before
to those kind of
major breakthroughs
that are going to be needed.
We're close to breakthroughs
on alien reality
with the Starchild skull
and other things that
are out there.
There's hominid
reality, Bigfoot,
and things are going on there.
Intervention theory, there's
a lot of work going on there.
There are just great things
going on across the board.
I think any time
we're going to have
major breakthroughs, any day.
>> NOORY: This Starchild Project
that you have been working
on for just a number of
years, to me, is fascinating.
Tell us how you came about
discovering this skull,
how old it is, and what
you think it might be.
>> PYE: Well, I'm
very confident now,
I'm very confident that
it is an alien skull.
It's not a human
hybrid, as we thought
it was for quite some time.
I think it's, without
question, going
to prove out to be an alien.
How it started it
was, it was found
in 1930 in a mine
tunnel about 100 miles
southwest of
Chihuahua, Mexico, just
really, out in the middle of
nowhere, by a teenage girl.
And she found two skeletons.
She assumed the
Starchild was just
a deformed human of some kind.
She kept it her whole life.
And when she was dying
in the early '90s,
again, she found it in 1930,
so by then she was an old woman
and she passed it on
to some people who
passed it on to
some more people.
And that couple, Ray and Melanie
Young, in El Paso-- Melanie
had been a neonatal
nurse for like 15 years--
took one look at it and said,
that's not a human deformity.
Not what I know a
human deformity to be.
So she said to the
couple giving it to them,
I'd like to determine
what this really is.
And they said go to it,
whatever you want to do.
They tried to get some
mainstream help in El Paso.
And those people that
they took it to just
said, it's just a
cradleboarded hydocephalic.
Just forget about it.
Take it home.
>> NOORY: And what
does that mean?
>> PYE: A cradleboarded
hydocephalic is the simple
answer for something that
looks like the Starchild.
It has expanded parietals,
which indicates expanded skull,
i.e., water on the
brain, hydocephalie.
And it's very flat in the rear.
And so that indicates
cradleboarding,
which is a common practice for
infants in primitive cultures.
You strap the baby
on a board, put it
on the back of
the mother's back.
>> NOORY: And they
elongate the skull.
>> PYE: No, not the
elongation of the skull.
All it does is, really, you
tie the baby down onto a board,
and it sounds bad, but you
just basically strap the head
lightly.
>> NOORY: It sounds
like torture.
>> PYE: I know.
But you bundle
them, but you have
to put a strap
around the forehead
to hold the head
against the board,
because a babies head is very
big, and its neck is very weak.
So if a mother is working and
stooping and doing all this
the head of the baby is going to
do that unless it's tied down.
So in tying it down, again,
just a light strap, but what
that does is, the bone is so
soft, the rear of the head
is flattened from
the top of the crown
down to the inion, which is that
bone we all have, right there.
It stops there, because
that's where you neck
attaches to your skull.
So it's about the size
of the palm of my hand,
that part is flat.
Well, what the mainstreamers
would do is just say,
flat means cradleboarding,
even though the Starchild
is extensively, to the
size of my whole hand,
extensively flattened,
including the inion.
So it's just not cradleboarded.
And it also has its
natural convolutions.
And when a cradleboard
board presses the bone,
it becomes as flat as this.
And the human found
with the Starchild
has that, has a
cradleboarded head.
And you can feel it.
You will feel, it's
as flat as that table.
And the Starchild has
its natural convolutions,
and you can feel those.
So it's obvious to anyone,
it's not it's not cradleboarded
and it's not a hydocephalic.
But it suits the mainstream
purpose to say that and just
dismiss it, very easily.
>> NOORY: Sure, it's easy.
>> PYE: And it's just wrong.
>> NOORY: Yeah, and, of course,
Lloyd brought us the skull.
We're going to look at it a
little bit later on "Beyond
Belief."
Truly unbelievable.
Now you drove it here.
>> PYE: Right.
>> NOORY: You will
not fly with it.
Why is that?
>> PYE: Well, we
can't fly with it,
because we risk it being
seized, number one.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: But I wanted
it to be here,
because I wanted it
to be on your show,
and I wanted people to see,
there are so many trolls,
mainstream trolls on the
internet who are out there
saying, it's a hoax.
I'm a fraud.
I'm a hustler.
All of this.
And it's really
hard to combat that.
But to bring it here
for you to see it,
for the audience to see it.
>> NOORY: Let's make
sure I don't drop it.
>> PYE: Well, absolutely.
But for people to see
and put it out there
with some imprimatur
of authority,
that this really is real.
I mean, it's absolutely real.
And all it comes
down to is the DNA.
And we've done
enough now on the DNA
to know what the final
answer is going to be.
We've done large portions of it,
and everything we
do indicates it's
going to be hundreds
of percent, hundreds
of percent different
from normal human.
There's just no way
to call that anything.
There's no way to call
that an aberrant human.
That's an alien.
>> NOORY: Lloyd, if it is
extraterrestrial origin,
kind of paint us a picture on
what you think happened a long
time ago-- the visitation,
how they decided to breed with
humans at the time.
What happened?
>> PYE: Well, this
individual, the Starchild,
looks to be a one-off, a
one time only kind of thing.
Now with coneheads, and
we've talked about coneheads
before, the ones with
the elongated skulls,
they are in the hundreds.
They lived here.
They were a population
living here.
The Starchild seems
to be, I would guess,
my best guess is, it crashed
and somehow survived it.
Somehow it got isolated here.
It was here for some time.
Because we've done
isotopic analysis that
indicates that it's bone, it was
eating, or at least ingesting,
the same kinds of food as
the human it was found with,
for at least a couple years--
at least a couple years.
So that's an indication that
it was around for a while.
Also there is an
indication that it
had a strong bond with the
woman that buried it, because
in the mine tunnel,
as they were found,
she was lying on
her back exposed.
Her skeleton was fully exposed.
She had buried the
Starchild in a shallow grave
in the floor of the mine tunnel,
but she left its hand out
of the dirt.
And she called it
a misshapen hand.
We don't know what you
meant, exactly, by that.
She just said, it
was a misshapen hand,
misshapen head, misshapen body.
>> NOORY: And she died next
to it, at the same time?
What happened?
>> PYE: The Starchild
died, she buried it.
Well, first of all, she lugged
it into the middle of nowhere.
Now when you feel the skull,
you'll see it's very light.
It's much lighter
than you or I. It
isn't like lugging a body of us.
It's something else.
So she got it out into
the middle of nowhere
into this mine tunnel.
She buried it in
this shallow grave.
She left the hand out, and
then she laid down beside it
and she wrapped that hand
around her own upper arm,
and she committed suicide.
There's no other way to get that
scenario that the girl found.
>> NOORY: Sad.
>> PYE: So yeah, it's very
sad or romantic or dramatic
or whatever you want to call it.
But yeah, she committed
suicide some way,
we don't now how, poison, cut
her wrist, cut her throat.
We don't know, but
she killed herself.
And so that's what the girl
found in 1930, 900 years later.
We carbon-14 dated both
skulls in separate labs
at separate times to be sure.
Both results came
back 900 years.
>> NOORY: If it's a
extraterrestrial skull,
you call it the Starchild,
how do we know it's just not
a small ET?
>> PYE: Well, we don't, really.
And I really assume
that it is a small grey,
now that I've been with
it for almost 14 years.
My best estimate is
that it's just a grey.
>> NOORY: And how tall
would it have been?
>> PYE: It would have
been about four feet tall.
The girl said, the woman, the
female, the human, her skull
is the size of about a five
foot tall person today.
The brain was about
1,200 cubic centimeters,
and that's what
that size would be.
You or I are about
1,400 cubic centimeters.
Starchild, while the
skull is the same size,
she said that as it
laid in the grave
it was noticeably smaller.
So if the skeleton is five feet,
we assume the one in the grave
is at four feet or less.
So we assume it's
about four feet tall.
>> NOORY: Unbelievable
discovery.
Truly.
>> PYE: It's truly is, yeah.
>> NOORY: I don't understand why
mainstream science doesn't jump
all over this.
>> PYE: When Ray and Melanie
brought me in on this,
almost 14 years
ago, and they said,
how long is it going to take
you to find out what this is?
And I said, well,
this is-- fantastic
as it looks, as fantastic as
it might be, I would assume
mainstream science
will be all over this.
We'll have an answer probably
somewhere within six months.
And here we are 14 years later.
There is huge resistance
huge, huge resistance
out there, as you well know,
to the reality of aliens.
Because it's going to change
our world the same way
the world was changed
500 years ago,
when the Earth was moved from
the center of the universe.
The Earth, physically, was moved
from the center of the universe
to where it actually is.
And now what we are in
the process of doing, you
and me and others like us, we're
in the process of moving humans
away from the biological
center of the universe
into becoming just
somebody else out there.
And as big as the shock
was 500 years ago,
it took 100 years for that
reality to become accepted,
to set in.
We're going to do
it, and can do it,
in a matter of a few
months, if not a few years.
So it's a huge change
on the same scale
that a lot of people who
are resistant to the idea
and don't want it to be
true have to accept it.
>> NOORY: Well, much like
we do on the radio show,
on "Coast to Coast AM," we
are interactive with "Beyond
Belief."
And that means we're going
to take your questions now
for Lloyd Pye about
the Starchild Project.
So just raise your hand
and we'll pick you.
Yeah, yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, Mr. Pye,
the red fibers that you found
on the skull, that you said
they weren't able to be cut with
a Dremel tool.
>> PYE: Right.
>> AUDIENCE: Were you able
to take samples on those
and determine what
that might be?
>> PYE: It's an amazingly
propitious question,
because, first of
all, let me clear up.
They're not red fibers.
There is two parts of
the Starchild's skull
that are absolutely unknown
in all other bone on earth
that we're aware of.
The fibers woven
through the matrix
of the bone, which
look like the bone.
And then there is a red residue
found in the cancellous holes.
So there are two things,
both of which are not found.
I am just back, I am travelling
from, right now, today, three,
four days ago I was at the
Stanford Research Institute
scanning it under the most
powerful scanner available
in the world today that goes
down to a level of a few cells
across.
I mean, very, very fine.
And they're looking
for the fibers
to try to find a way
to distinguish them.
It's a function of whether
it's the fibers are themselves
a kind of bone, or whether
they're something else.
And we're not sure of that yet.
And it's going to
be a couple weeks
before-- the mountain
of data is staggering
that this thing produces.
So it will take awhile
to get the result.
But we are trying to determine
if the fibers are available.
They looked, they
saw what they thought
might have been a couple.
But with the microscope
that they had,
it wasn't a fine enough
resolution, at that point.
>> NOORY: How expensive
is all this to do?
>> PYE: We have some donators
out there at Stanford,
but it costs thousands, you
know, and we don't have that.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: So we had to get
donations from people who,
at Stanford, are
interested in it.
And this, connecting
with these people,
have been one of the
greatest assets we've had,
since getting our
geneticist two years ago.
I mean, this is how slowly
we find mainstream scientists
with the cajones to
do this kind of work,
to put their
reputations on the line.
And they're very careful,
they have to be, you know,
to not let people know
exactly what is going on.
So as we took it in, it
was just call the hominid.
Just the hominid,
so that everyone
could pretend that it
wasn't something else.
But they're young guys,
they are young people
running these things.
And you put it in there,
and they're like, whoa!
You know, they know what it is.
>> NOORY: I love it.
Let's take some more of
your questions, out there.
Yes.
>> AUDIENCE: I was wondering if
you could elaborate on what you
meant by Earth being physically
moved from the center
of the universe?
>> NOORY: Yeah, who
moved it, Lloyd?
>> PYE: Well, it was Copernicus
and Kepler and Galileo.
And what they found, over time,
was that the Earth-- you know,
500 years ago, people
believed the Earth was
the center of everything,
and everything
spun around the Earth.
And what those guys
did was, gradually
show and then prove
that the Earth actually
was moving around the
sun, and that everything
was moving around the universe.
And it was just a shock.
I mean, if you grew up
every day of your life
believing that the Earth was
it, the center of everything,
and you find out it's
just a very minor part
of a much more gigantic
scheme of life, that
is a big, big mental shift.
And so what we are
trying to do now,
is move humanity from
the biological center
of the universe, which is what
the mainstream and everybody
else wants to keep us
as, because it's simple.
It's clean.
And nobody has to really worry
about what might be out there.
And to find out 500 years
ago that the Earth was moving
and all of this, bad
things could happen.
And it was very
frightening for people
to absorb that and then get
used to the idea that, well, OK,
it may happen.
But it isn't happening today.
So that kind of thing.
>> NOORY: Lloyd, is it possible
that we had a race of human
beings on this planet a long
time ago who looked like alien
greys, who had the big skulls,
the big eyes, and very skinny,
four feet?
>> PYE: I don't think
there were a race.
I don't think that greys have
lived here, in that sense.
I think the coneheads have.
And I don't think the
coneheads are human, either.
The coneheads,
everybody should know,
who have seen pictures
of those skulls
with the giant
heads in the rear,
they have brains that are,
on average, between 2,500
and 3,000 cubic centimeters.
>> NOORY: Huge.
>> PYE: Now you and I
have 1,400, on average--
a little more, a little less.
>> NOORY: Probably a
little less, for me.
>> PYE: I would vote
against that, but maybe.
But anyway, I think we,
all of us in this room,
would be in the
range of about 1,400.
So if you're having that, you're
having twice as much brain.
And it's very clear from x-rays
the brains fill the heads.
There's no tie in--
and what you'll
hear the mainstream say is,
oh, those were just head bound.
Those were just bound
heads, and that was it.
Well, binding a head doesn't
double the brain capacity.
It's such a simple answer.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
>> PYE: Binding the head doesn't
double the brain capacity.
And yet, somehow, the
mainstream gets away
with that very
facile explanation,
kind of like they try to
get away with the Starchild,
with the cradleboarding
and hydocephalie.
And it's just Occam's razor.
Well, the simple answer
is the right one.
And we can come up with
this simple answer,
so that's got to
be the right one.
>> NOORY: Well, you're right.
You might be able to
elongate the skull,
but you're not going
to elongate the brain.
You're not going to
create more brain
than you didn't have
when you were born.
>> PYE: All you have to do is
look on Google Images and see
some heads of humans that were
bound to look like the gods,
and their heads, or their brain,
it's just a reshaped human
head.
You put that up
against a conehead,
and it's just a huge overlap.
And also, a human head that's
bound shows distinctive marks.
Just like the, as I was
saying, the cradleboarding,
the flattening of
it, very smooth.
It shows distinctive marks of
whatever you do to flatten it,
whether it's boards or cloth
or twine or whatever it is.
It shapes the bone.
It leaves impressions on
soft bone of the child.
You look at the conehead
skulls, they are lumpy,
they have their
natural convolutions,
just like the Starchild does.
>> NOORY: Where do
you keep this thing?
>> PYE: Well, normally we keep
it locked in a bank vault.
And very seldom bring it out
to show it in public, because
of the various difficulties
and dangers of that.
But also, can't fly
with it or anything
to have it risk
being confiscated.
>> NOORY: It would.
Oh, yeah, it would be.
And as a matter of
fact, Homeland Security
just confiscated some dinosaur
bones several weeks ago.
>> PYE: No, we've been warned,
very clearly from sometime back
that it's illegal without
all kinds of clearances from
the highest level and
Homeland Security.
>> NOORY: Now why would they
be so concerned about that?
>> PYE: I don't really know.
I really don't know.
They don't give reasons,
they just make rules
and then the bureaucrats
carry them out.
>> NOORY: When
you see the skull,
does it have any
special meaning to you?
Do you feel different?
I mean, is there, yeah,
you're looking at a skull
that you believe might be
extraterrestrial in origin.
That's got to be
kind of powerful.
>> PYE: It is, at
first, it really is.
After 14 years, you have
to get a little jaded.
But even now, still,
when I show it
to people-- I showed
it to some people
here earlier-- to see their
thrill at seeing it, feeling
it, holding it, touching it,
and knowing what it might be,
you feed off that energy.
And I never get
really tired of that.
It's always a
thrill to see people
react to how it looks,
compared to the human.
How it feels,
It's really amazing.
It really is, you'll see.
>> NOORY: Of course, now
there were no remnants
of extraterrestrial
crashed, retrieved,
anything by the skull, right?
>> PYE: 900 years
ago, no, nothing.
Just the body in the mine
tunnel, according to the woman,
as she found the two bodies.
And that was it.
And it was pretty
clear that the woman
who brought the Starchild
to bury it there,
had made some effort
to get it away
into the middle of
nowhere civilization.
Because the girl,
when she found it,
she was hiking well
away from civilization.
And that's how she found it.
So there was some effort made
to hide it, for whatever reason.
>> NOORY: Is there any evidence
that would show that it could
be part of android, a mixture of
organic material and machinery?
>> PYE: This is one of
the things we were trying
to determine with that
scan, George, at Stanford.
One of the things
we're looking at
is, can the fibers be isolated?
And if they can, what
are they made of?
Because, you might remember
in Philip Corso's book,
one of the things
that he said was
that they were, greys were
part human and part biological,
not human-- biological in
part, not non-biological.
So one of the things
we want to determine
is, are those fibers
of that nature?
Because they're very, very
durable-- very durable .
>> NOORY: You know, I
really believe, Lloyd,
if you were to go on
exhibit with the skull,
you would get thousands of
people from various cities,
depending on what city you were
in, that would come and tour,
just to see that.
>> PYE: Well, we took it to
the Roswell 60th Anniversary,
in 2007, and there were a lot of
problems that had to be solved,
in terms of security just
to put it at the UFO Museum
in Roswell, and keep it there
and keep it safe for those four
days.
We did have about 3,000
people come through
and take a look at it.
But that was a free
look, so we don't
know if people would pay
to do it, or whatever.
But we're not really in it
to make money, in that sense.
What we're into is to find
out what it is, for sure.
>> NOORY: You're after
the science, aren't you?
>> PYE: We're after the science,
and we're after the proof.
Because as I always
say to Ray and Melanie,
it doesn't matter
how long we have
to be poor, if this is the
real deal, we'll end up rich.
If it's not, then
we don't really
deserve any more than we
gave it a good effort.
But we've known for some
time now it's going to work.
We've known what it was.
And now that we're
getting-- really,
the wait, George, the 14
years, has really just
been for the
technology of the time
to catch up with what's
needed to determine alien DNA.
Because the DNA analysis, up
till just a few years ago,
was all done with
primers, where you
had to know what you
were starting with
to go looking for it.
Now it doesn't matter.
If it's made out of nucleotides,
if it's made out of base pairs,
if it's made out of DNA, doesn't
matter what, they can tell you
what it is and you can
compare it to other things.
So now the technology is
there, we can do this.
Really, now, it's
a matter of money.
But we don't have access
to the kind of money
that we need through
the mainstream,
because the mainstream
keeps that for themselves,
and they don't let
people like us access it.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: Yeah, it's just
not the way it works.
>> NOORY: Can you imagine
how lonely it must have been,
if this, indeed, was an ET
who crashed his saucer on this
planet?
>> PYE: And survived it.
>> NOORY: And survived
it, just to be alone,
taken in by this woman.
It must have been amazing.
>> PYE: It's an incredible story
if you spin it out like that.
We don't really know.
We can only go by the end
of their relationship, which
shows a very strong link, a
very strong emotional bond
between the two of
them, in some way.
But the interesting
thing is, we have
serious doubts that the
Starchild could have talked.
>> NOORY: Aha.
>> PYE: This is another
reason why, we think,
it probably was a grey.
It is completely and entirely
missing its frontal sinuses.
Entirely, not even
vestiges, which,
normally if you
have flawed sinuses,
you've got something your
body attempts to grow.
Nothing.
And what your sinuses are for
is making your voice resonate.
Like, if you don't
have sinuses at all,
(SPEAKING WITH A SQUEAKY VOICE)
you might sound like a robot,
like that.
>> NOORY: (HIGH PITCHED) Could
you imagine me doing radio
without a sinus?
>> PYE: Exactly,
it wouldn't work.
So you have that factor.
You also have a huge
brain in that head.
The same skull size that
holds 1,200 cubic centimeters,
the human found with it, the
Starchild, when the brain
guy was looking at it,
he said, well, it's
going to be about 1,200.
Looks about same size.
1600 cubic centimeters
of brain in that skull.
And we don't really know
how to explain that.
Huge extra, fully 1/3 more.
So big brain.
A very tiny neck.
>> NOORY: Mm, hm.
>> PYE: Your neck, my neck
about 14 inches, right?
>> NOORY: 17.
>> PYE: 17, OK. but
average is about 14.
My wrist is seven inches.
>> NOORY: It's 14, you can tell.
>> PYE: It's about that size.
The neck is very, very small.
>> NOORY: Which is a
typical alien grey.
>> PYE: And on top of
that, its mouth is very,
very tiny from the maxilla that
we have, the maxilla piece.
>> NOORY: Like a slit?
>> PYE: Very, very
tiny, and a flat roof.
So the tongue in there, it
ate, its teeth have wear,
it was eating.
And its body shows
>> NOORY: It still has
teeth in the skull?
We'll see that?
>> PYE: No, no.
You won't see that now.
The maxilla is separated.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: But nonetheless, the
tongue, to fit in that mouth,
has to be like the size
of a piece of cardboard,
just for flipping food back.
It wouldn't be like for us.
So you've got no sinuses.
You've got no talking tongue.
You've got a very small neck.
So we assume that it
communicated like a grey,
which everybody
says is telepathic.
>> NOORY: Does it
have an ear canal?
>> PYE: Yes, it does
have an ear canal,
and it has inner ears that are
twice the size of our inner
ears.
But we think that has
to do with the balancing
mechanism required
for that neck,
because the head is
much bigger than ours.
And it's balanced--
where the spine comes
into the skull has
been moved forward,
directly underneath,
so that you've
got as much here as you do here.
So it's balanced
this way and it's
balanced that way
on that little neck.
Now the importance
of that is, if you
take a baseball
bat, for example,
and hold it down at
the bottom, and hold
it vertical straight up
with the barrel up here
and absolutely straight
out, you can hold it
and it doesn't feel
heavy, all right.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: You tilt it one degree,
two degrees, three degrees.
>> NOORY: Then you
start feeling it.
>> PYE: Absolutely.
So its head had to stay
on that neck right.
And we think the bigger
inner ears probably
had to do with the
balancing of that big head
on that little neck.
>> NOORY: That's amazing.
We're going to be back.
More with Lloyd Pye on
"Beyond Belief," standby.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
We've got Lloyd
Pye, here, who is
traveling with the Starchild.
Whenever you show it to people,
what's their reaction to this?
>> PYE: It's pretty much like
it was this morning when I got
here.
Just, whoa!
Wow!
It is, it's an awesome,
awesome experience
to see it and hold it and
imagine that this really is
the skull of an alien that
lived and existed on this planet
and died here and was
buried here 900 years ago.
When that reality begins to
sink in, it's a powerful moment,
it's a powerful experience.
And I think it's something
that will stick with everyone
that gets that experience.
>> NOORY: You know, we've
sometimes talked about
the possibility that
Earth is a prison planet.
>> PYE: Oh, yeah.
>> NOORY: That those
that are on this planet,
those that have been on this
planet were dumped here from
other civilizations
and other worlds.
They just didn't
want them around.
So instead of having
prisons on their planet,
they dumped them here.
>> PYE: Right.
>> NOORY: What are the
possibilities that this
project, that this Starchild
could have been somebody from
a different planet
that they just said,
we're going to get rid of you,
you're going to planet Earth,
and they dumped him here?
>> PYE: It's hard to
imagine, but maybe.
>> NOORY: It's possible.
>> PYE: It may be possible.
Maybe he was just a
complete renegade.
You know, the Billy the Kid
of his place, or something.
>> NOORY: Yeah, I mean, we don't
know his personality, right?
>> PYE: We don't know.
We don't know, that's right.
Exactly.
>> NOORY: Can we determine
whether it was male or female,
for sure?
>> PYE: With the
full genome, yes.
We can determine that.
We can determine the
chromosome count.
We can determine everything
with a full genome.
But understand, we're
talking about three
plus billion, more or less,
you know, humans, chimps,
everything is in the three
billion base pair range.
And we have now, oh, maybe
50 million base pairs.
Which is quite a lot.
Tells you an awful lot.
You can extrapolate a lot
of knowledge from that.
But we still have
a very long way
to go to get the whole genome.
>> NOORY: Could
it be part animal?
>> PYE: No.
>> NOORY: Not at all?
You can look at it and see,
it's something very, very
different than human, but it
is human-like, human-like.
>> NOORY: Lloyd, give me your
views on extraterrestrial life
out there.
You know, I've always said that
the primordial soup, that which
has made us, is all
over the universe.
And there's no
reason to conclude
that civilizations
aren't everywhere.
>> PYE: Right.
I totally agree.
I have written a book, an ebook
about it, and another book
about it, the
"Intervention Theory."
I think that there is a large
community of other beings
out there.
And I think that
Earth, itself, has
been terraformed from day one.
Because, the
reality of space is,
if you have a seething
ball of magma,
just swizzling
through space, that's
just going to turn
into a dry, dead rock.
Things have to happen to turn
that dry dead rock into earth,
like something like Earth,
where it has oxygen, where
it has a UV shield, an ozone
layer, where it has water,
where it has all of that.
That takes work.
And it takes work over
billions of years.
Somebody looked at Earth 4
and 1/2 billion years ago,
4 billion years ago,
said, this is the place.
And they began to do the
things that need to be done.
And I go over this in detail in
my "Intervention Theory" ebook.
But basically, it
said that you have
to bring a certain kind of
life form, the prokaryotes, two
kinds.
And that's what we
get here at around 4
billion years ago, which
tie up the free iron,
which you can't have any
free iron because you
won't have oxygen.
Oxygen reacts very
actively with iron.
You do that.
You tie up the iron.
We have the banded
iron formations
to show that that happened.
As soon as you have free
oxygen getting out there,
you have to do other things.
You have to create
an ozone layer,
because you can't have
life on the surface of land
or the surface of the
sea without that there.
All the things that
have to happen,
happen when they have to happen.
And so, I see it as
is Intervention Theory
by terraformers from the
beginning, on this planet.
And I think that all of it is
going to prove out in the end.
And we're going to be part of
a very large galactic community
that extends back for many,
many billions of years.
>> NOORY: Is there anything in
the skull that would allow us
to clone it one day?
>> PYE: Yes, one day,
but not any time soon.
They're working on it.
Everybody works on it.
They want to clone dinosaurs,
they want to clone the mammoth.
They're working on it.
>> NOORY: Let's clone a little
ET and see what happens.
>> PYE: And the Starchild's
DNA, as it happens,
because it was in a mine
tunnel, is very well preserved.
900 years ago, in a mine tunnel.
Now understand, when you
die, it doesn't matter,
after 50 years in the best
of circumstances, everything
breaks down into little pieces.
And this is the challenge
of recovering ancient DNA.
There's living DNA.
If you and I get our
genome tested now,
$10,000 and we're in,
because it's live.
Imagine, if you will,
Christmas lights, you
know the big wad of Christmas
lights, and the lights,
and the green cord
between it, all that.
Imagine that as the genes
that work and the junk DNA.
Just imagine all that.
Right now, you get that
box of Christmas lights
and you give it to the machine.
If it's live, they can
just, [WHISTLE] undo it,
just like we have
to do it, slowly,
and those machines can just
stretch them out and do it,
no problem-- the
next-generation sequencers.
But with long dead DNA, with
ancient DNA, take the string,
put it through a wood
chipper and then give it
to the machine.
The machine can still do it.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: But it takes an
awful lot more effort.
>> NOORY: Why are we so obsessed
with trying to determine
our origins?
>> PYE: I think we
know, at some level,
that there's a really
interesting story behind it,
because we don't fit this place.
We don't fit with
anything else here.
We're radically different.
And I think we all
know, at some level,
no matter what our position,
no matter what our training,
we know we're not really a
good fit with this place.
We're not good,
you know, we're not
good managers of the planet.
Something's wrong there.
And when you go back,
and you look back
to the beginning of
it, I think we all
recognize there has to be
a really fascinating story.
And that's one of things
that keeps me going.
I'd like to know how
that happened and why.
>> NOORY: I mean, I
believe in a higher power.
I'm very spiritual,
as you are, too.
But that question is
just always on my mind.
You know, how did we get here?
What are we doing here?
What does it all mean?
And maybe the answer is,
indeed, with the Starchild.
>> PYE: I think the
Starchild can provide,
and very likely will provide,
the opening wedge that will
allow a whole generation of new
scientists to come in and start
actively looking for those
answers that you're seeking,
that I'm seeking, that
everybody here would be seeking.
Something has to
provide the leverage
to allow mainstream
scientists to do this work.
Because I know, I'm out there
with them, they want to,
but they're
absolutely terrorized
by what their conservative
peers will do to them if it's
known that they are seeking
these kinds of answers.
That they're
helping to determine
these kinds of answers.
The mainstream that's in charge,
is in charge to do one thing,
keep things the way they are.
>> NOORY: Right
>> PYE: No big
changes on my watch.
On my watch, no big changes.
I don't care when I'm
retired, I don't care.
But on my watch, no big changes.
>> NOORY: You'll never retire.
Is there a Nobel Prize for
science, for some scientist who
helps you unravel this mystery?
>> PYE: Very likely.
At some point, very likely.
I don't say that to them,
but I think it's a given.
I won't get it, but
one of them could.
>> NOORY: Well,
what a discovery.
>> PYE: It is.
One of the greatest
discoveries in human history
is sitting right
there, and we're
going to have it on
your desk in a minute.
>> NOORY: Lloyd, tell us a
little bit about where people
can get more information on
you and the Starchild Project.
>> PYE: Just real simple.
The starchildproject.com
website.
And I have a personal website
lloydpye.com, L-l-o-y-d P-y-e.
And people can start from there.
I have books.
I have ebooks.
I would recommend
the ebooks first,
as sort of getting into it,
and then the larger books,
if you want to go
from that point.
And those are easy to find
and locate on the website.
So it starchildproject.com,
lloydpye.com, simple dimple.
>> NOORY: When you first
looked at the skull yourself,
what did you think?
>> PYE: I have to
be honest with you,
I really felt that it was
some kind of human deformity.
But I also knew
enough about skulls
to know that it was
radically different.
But it was, that moment,
was like the guy discovering
the Dead Sea Scrolls,
or something like that.
You can't believe the
lightening bolt has struck you.
You can't make yourself believe.
>> NOORY: And you're there,
you're looking at it.
You're touching it.
>> PYE: And there's
Melanie saying--
she's had it for a few
months now-- she's saying,
I think it's a grey.
I've really looked.
I've really researched.
I think it's a grey.
What do you think?
And I said, it's really weird,
but I can't believe that
it's a grey.
Now I do believe that it is.
And it took me about a
year to convince myself
that it was legitimate.
But that first
look into those eye
sockets-- my dad was an
optometrists for a long time,
I really know about eyes-- and
when I saw those eye sockets,
I knew that was
radically different.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> PYE: Radically different.
>> NOORY: The big look, yeah.
>> PYE: The one thing
I knew was that.
And when you flip it over and
you see the inion missing,
you know that, too, is a
real radical difference.
And I was just saying, it has
to be some kind of combination
here, because I
can't yet believe
I'm holding an alien
skull in my hands.
She says, you'll get used to it.
And she was right.
We did.
>> NOORY: Well, and if it is
projected to be about four feet
tall, there's no way it could
have been a little baby, then,
right?
>> PYE: No.
It's not a baby.
And also, the wear of the teeth.
Starchild was a misnomer.
It was a mistake.
The guy that took-- the first
thing we did was we had x-rays,
and he saw the
teeth and he x-rayed
the bone, the peace of maxilla,
it's this part of your mouth,
right here, up here.
And it has this bone.
And it had five crowns up here.
So you've got the
two teeth down,
the three missing holes,
and the five crowns.
And he said, OK,
teeth down, teeth up,
it's got to be a child
five or six years old.
So it ended up being
called the Starchild
before we knew that the
teeth were so heavily worn.
No child could have done that.
>> NOORY: Excellent.
>> PYE: It was at least in its
20's, and could have been 500
years, if it was the
kind of being that,
when it lost its teeth,
it just grew more,
like a shark or whatever.
>> NOORY: All right.
Lloyd, let's take
some more questions
from our audience for you.
I know there's a lot of
folks out there interested.
Let's go to somebody here.
Yeah, you sir, way in the back.
Thank you.
>> AUDIENCE: I wonder,
as I sit here listening,
I just came off of
a graveyard shift,
and I listen to a
lot of people talk.
And I'm wondering, as
you're driving down the road
and you're thinking about the
different people you've talk
to, what do you think the
reaction of the mainstream
religions of the
world are going to be
when you have absolute proof?
>> NOORY: It's a great question.
>> PYE: It is.
>> NOORY: What does
mainstream religion do?
If you came out
today and said, we
know, beyond a
shadow of a doubt,
that this is an
extraterrestrial being that
died here 900 some years
ago, however it got here,
what do you think mainstream
religion will say?
The Catholic Church has
already gone on record
as saying that belief
in extraterrestrial life
does not negate
your belief in God.
But what do you
think they would say?
>> PYE: I think it
will be the same thing.
I've talked to some,
and I ask them,
what do you think
the reaction will be,
because I have to be
prepared to deal with that?
And all they tell me is,
all we're going to say
is that it just means God has a
wider reach and a wider grasp,
and nothing, really,
is going to change.
I don't think religion
I really don't think
government's going to change.
The only people that are
really going to take a lick
here is mainstream science.
They will have a big black eye.
It will last for a few years.
And then it'll just
go back to normal.
Somehow, they'll end up
taking credit for it,
we knew it all along,
something like that.
And then it'll just go on
and it'll be in their hands,
not in our hands.
But nonetheless, our job
is to get it to that point,
to get them to the tipping
point where they're not afraid
and they're not cowed by their
very conservative leaders
and those among them who
are very conservative, just
to get it going.
So that at least some of
them can work on it actively
and openly.
You know Otzi, the Iceman.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: OK, imagine that the
Starchild will be the Otzi
the Iceman of the future.
Every test conceivable
will be run on that thing,
once it's OK and safe
for scientists to do it.
>> NOORY: What do you
think the masses will do,
if this is announced
that it's an ET?
Will they go crazy?
Will societies break down?
>> PYE: No.
They'll just get up and go
to work the next day, like--
>> NOORY: And talk about
it at the water cooler.
>> PYE: It will just be a
different day, but, you know,
same stuff.
>> NOORY: All right.
Who's got another
question for Lloyd Pye,
here, on "Beyond Belief"?
Yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: I was just curious
if you have recovered any other
skeletal fragments from the mine
shaft site where it was found
at?
And also, in line
with the teeth,
did they seem to resemble
human teeth, the same form
and function?
Or were they just kind
of the same thing,
close, but not quite right?
>> PYE: The teeth were
essentially the same.
No distinctive difference,
except much smaller.
Much smaller and much
harder, it seems like.
As far as any other
post cranial bones, no.
We don't even know where the
mine tunnel was, exactly.
The woman, when
she was dying, she
was passing the
skulls on like you
would try to find
a home for a pet.
She and her husband had
kept them in a cardboard box
for like 60 years, almost.
And then it had gone
on to another couple.
They kept it for five years.
And then they passed it
on to Ray and Melanie.
People can be uncomfortable
with skulls in a cardboard box
in their garage.
So because Melanie had
been a neonatal nurse,
they were given to them.
But Ray and Melanie don't know
the name of the first couple.
They kind of just didn't
want to be involved in it.
And that's the way it's been.
It belongs to Ray and
Melanie, and that's it.
The other couples
were not interested.
>> NOORY: And what about
other fragments by it?
Nothing, huh?
>> PYE: No, just
the skull itself,
and the detached piece of
maxilla that I've told you.
That was all that
was there in the box.
It's a long story.
And it's in the books
that I've written.
I'm not trying to plug
them, but I'm just saying,
the story is there
of how she got--
she tried to recover
the full skeletons.
She lost most of the bones.
It's a fairly dramatic story.
They were caught
in a flood, they
tumbled down a long stream.
She went looking and all she
found was the damaged skulls.
The human has lost one of
its zygomatic arches, one
of its cheekbones.
And the Starchild lost a
part of its lower face,
both of its zygomatic
arches, and the left half
of its maxilla.
>> NOORY: Let's take one
more question for Lloyd.
What do we have?
Yes, ma'am.
>> AUDIENCE: You mentioned that
there's going to be a tipping
point.
In your mind, what is that
tipping point going to be?
What test is it going to be
that gives the scientific world
the go ahead to say, OK,
this is something different?
>> PYE: The tipping point
has to be, can only be,
the full genome.
Everything else,
everything else-- and I've
tried everything--
the mainstream just
says, oh, nature
can do anything.
I don't care if you stack
up 10,000 differences,
nature can do anything.
The one thing nature can't
do is fiddle with DNA,
because DNA is the
math of biology.
It's like a formula.
It says the same thing
every time, every time.
So they can't fiddle with it.
They can't just write it off.
So when we have that
full genome lined up
against a human genome.
And it says it's 300%
different, or 500% difference--
right now, very
early in-- we think
it's going to be
around 700% different.
700% different.
But wherever it is, it's going
to be so different that you
can't be -- you can't even begin
to say it's anything related
to human.
Because a chimp is 3%
different, a gorilla
is 5% different, a rat 70%.
Do you see what I'm saying?
700%?
>> NOORY: Yeah, this is huge.
Lloyd, we're going to come
back and look at the Starchild
in just a moment,
on "Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
We've got the
Starchild skull here
with representations of
human skulls and others.
A brain-type looks, too.
>> PYE: Brain casts.
>> NOORY: The casts for the
brains, they look so small.
Are these actual
human-sized brains?
>> PYE: That is the size of--
this is actually the same size
as this, which, oh, I'm sorry,
which is a 12-year-old girl,
about five feet tall, again.
So we have, to match,
that's the same size there,
same size here, same size here.
>> NOORY: All right.
I'm going to let you
explain all these, Lloyd.
Go ahead.
>> PYE: This is the human skull,
the human female that was found
with it.
And I want you, since
you've never done this,
and I know you haven't.
>> NOORY: I have never.
>> NARRATOR: Hold it.
Now just feel--
>> NOORY: I've talked with you
for more than 10 years about
this, and here she is.
>> PYE: Here she is.
Get a sense of her
weight and her feel.
Now put her down.
>> NOORY: Normal, human skull.
>> PYE: Normal human skull.
And feel this and
tell us your reaction.
>> NOORY: This is like a
balloon next to it-- very light,
very light.
And this is it, this is
the actual Starchild skull.
>> PYE: This is the
actual Starchild skull.
You can see the--
>> NOORY: Notice the
eyes, how close they are,
and how huge they are?
>> PYE: No, actually,
if you look,
the eyes are no
closer than that.
>> NOORY: They seem to be.
>> PYE: What's different,
they're a different design,
completely.
We have brow ridges.
The Starchild has
no brow ridges.
Our nose comes down in a
dip off our brow ridge.
As you can see, that
it's absolutely flat.
Our nose slopes down, like that.
The Starchild's nose seems to
stay flat the whole way down.
>> NOORY: Why is it's so light?
>> PYE: Because, as you see
here, you look in the cuts,
turn your cut around.
You see how thin the bone
is, relatively speaking.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> PYE: See how thin?
>> NOORY: And look
how thick that is.
>> PYE: And the amazing thing
is, while it's much lighter,
it's two to three times harder.
When you cut this-- and
I've cut it a few times
and I've seen other
people cut it,
too-- if you want to cut
about a quarter of an inch
into a human bone,
into this, which
is-- this is not
soft stuff, this
is tough-- you take a
hand saw and you do it.
A small hand saw, you'll
go about 50 strokes
to go a quarter of an inch.
To go that same quarter of
an inch in the Starchild
it takes about 200 strokes.
It's like cutting sheet
metal by comparison.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
>> PYE: And that's those
fibers and the great,
great increased density
of the collagen in it.
The whole Starchild
bone is like the density
or the toughness of your teeth.
Its chemistry reads out
like tooth enamel does,
like human tooth enamel,
which is the hardest
bone in your body--
the whole head.
>> NOORY: Well, even
if it were a deformity,
it should still have the same
bone thickness as a human
skull?
>> PYE: Right.
>> NOORY: And it doesn't.
>> PYE: No.
>> NOORY: You could tell.
>> PYE: And if it
was a deformity,
it would have its
deformed parts.
Yeah, look, everyone can see
the difference in the thickness
right there, just from the cuts.
But if it was a human, whatever
its deformity part was,
whatever it is, whatever is
left is going to be human.
There is no part
of this skull-- you
take 25 major
points of reference
on a human skull-- there's not
a single match in the Starchild.
Not one, where you say
it's exactly the same.
Nothing.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
Take me to your leader.
>> PYE: Well, actually,
the way it looks is,
you're looking at the
bottom side of it.
This is its front
side, actually.
You know, sort of
looking at you.
Its neck would be under like
that, both front and rear.
And you see the inion, the
knot we all have back here
in the back of our head, you
can see and you can feel,
that's a dent there.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> PYE: You with me?
Now let me show the
neck on a human,
just real quick,
the neck on a human
covers this whole area here.
This is it's inion here.
You can see where the
muscle attachments are.
Pretty good size.
If you look at the
Starchild's neck,
you see that radical
difference I was talking about.
Instead of here, it's
all the way down here,
right on top of the
foramen, so that you've
got this little bitty
neck underneath.
And it's sitting under there,
so it's like this and that.
All the things that
I was telling you.
It would sit like
this, if it could,
except it's just balanced
completely different.
Remember, I said that
it was moved forward,
so you can't set it
up like you can this.
>> NOORY: You know, Lloyd, I'm
trying to picture in my mind
a four foot tall alien like this
walking around on the planet.
I mean, absolutely riveting.
>> PYE: It is.
It absolutely is.
>> NOORY: What else
did you bring us?
>> PYE: Well, I brought
a stereolithographic copy
of a human, as you can see.
It's just, without the cuts,
it's complete and whole.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: And underneath
this paint job,
this is the
Starchild copy, here.
Stereolithographic with
all the cuts in place.
We had this made back
in '99, before we
made the first cut on this.
Now the brain scans
are interesting,
in that we just received them.
In fact, I had these
made for your show.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: I had these
made for your show.
>> NOORY: First time.
>> PYE: First time.
And as you see, a
normal human skull
has its normal convolutions
and you see how lumpy it is.
And the Starchild is
just completely smooth.
I mean, just completely smooth.
And I was at a conference
with a neuroscientist,
a female neuroscientist,
and I asked her,
would you please
take a look at these
and tell me what you can see?
And she made a very,
very interesting comment.
She said, this part
here, the frontal lobe
is what makes us us.
It's what gives us our
emotions, our hatreds, our envy,
our jealousy.
She said this is actually
the worst part of us,
the thing that makes us what
we are, but the things we wish,
maybe, we didn't have.
And she said, look, it
doesn't have any of that.
It's a much cleaner copy
and a much cleaner model.
Another thing she said--
there, let me hold on to this.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: She said,
it's fascinating.
You see how eye sockets
are two inches deep
and the foramens
are in the back?
This Starchild's eyes are
not even a half inch deep.
And the foramens are down here.
So she says, this eye can't
be an eye like we have.
We all know that.
I've known that from
the very beginning.
It would be bugging
out like frog eyes.
You can't get a human eyeball
that would set out to here.
So she says, and
we've always thought,
this eye is a non-moving eye.
Because if you're going to
get 180 degrees of vision,
in a flat non-moving
eye, you're going
to have to have a whole pupil,
all pupil, wall to wall, black.
All black eye.
And in order to do that,
we see down a tunnel,
and we have peripheral vision.
But we see down a tunnel.
So we have a certain amount
of brain power to handle that.
And she said, if
you look at a human,
oh, sorry, its visual cortex
is this area right in here.
See the visual
cortex, right there?
And without looking at
it, without looking at it,
she looked at that and she
said, the visual cortex
on that Starchild
with those weird eyes
has got to be bigger.
And flipped it over and
she said, look at that.
Can you see that expansion
of that triangle?
>> NOORY: She was right, yeah.
>> PYE: Without even looking,
she knew that this expansion--
and I don't know what I was
looking at, either, at first.
But when she made
that statement,
she says, it needs
more computing power
if it's handling
nothing but pupil,
scanning 180 degrees
all the time.
>> NOORY: How do we know it
wasn't like a camera lens?
>> PYE: We don't.
We really don't.
We're just making assumptions.
But if it's a biological
entity, which we believe it is,
then it has to-- all
biological entities
have eyes that work
sort of in the same way
that ours do, down to insects.
So we just assume it has the
same kind of situation, just
a different, very different
eyeball than we have
and with very
different functions.
>> NOORY: You know, I've
got to tell you, Lloyd,
holding it is a weird feeling.
>> PYE: Isn't it?
>> NOORY: I mean, just to
think that it's possible that
it's an extraterrestrial.
It's unbelievable.
What is this, right
here, these things?
>> PYE: These things are,
you can see them right here,
you see this right here?
>> NOORY: Uh, huh.
>> PYE: It protects the
maxilla from slamming back in.
You see these two
nobs right here,
these two things you're
seeing right here?
What these are are
just bracing bones,
bracing bones for your maxilla.
So that if you get
hit in the face,
your front teeth will not
jam back here and kill you.
Just that simple.
And those little stobs that
you see off to the side,
are the zygomatic arches.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: But you see how
much flatter they are.
>> NOORY: Mm, hm.
>> PYE: And so the Starchild
is going to have a very narrow
face compared to ours.
It has all the looks of a
grey, the heart-shaped face.
It has all of that.
>> NOORY: What's amazing to
me, too, as a human being,
fully grown woman,
the skull seems small.
>> PYE: It is small.
She was about five feet tall.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> PYE: She was
about five feet tall,
which is standard for
Mexicans, even today.
>> NOORY: Have you seen
bigger skulls in humans?
>> PYE: Oh, yeah.
At Medical Modeling, where
we had this work done,
there were a number of them.
And you could see
the difference.
>> NOORY: What did the company
that created the model,
the mold, what did
they think of this?
>> PYE: They're right
here in Golden, Colorado,
Medical Modeling.
You can go talk to
Andy Christensen
and he'll tell you
about the process that
was involved in this.
>> NOORY: Was he
shocked by this?
>> PYE: I think Andy's
like everyone else.
He's really
interested, fascinated,
and waiting for the evidence
to come in to verify it.
I think, like most people,
he wants it to be that.
But those who don't really
know that much about it
in great detail
are waiting for us
to provide the science to do it.
>> NOORY: Before you leave
this planet, Mr. Pye,
how much do you want an
answer to this question?
>> PYE: Well, I really
want just an answer.
And I do on it before I
leave the planet, hopefully.
And I think we're going to
get it in the next few months,
really.
As soon as we're funded.
And we just keep
pushing all the time.
I know 14 years sounds
like a long time,
but there's enormous
resistance, enormous resistance.
And we're just a very
small ragtag group
of people operating on
a shoestring budget.
And it's very difficult to do.
But we will get it.
Somebody's going to step
up, eventually, with money.
Give us what we need to
do what we need to do.
And when we get that
answer, we will win.
We will absolutely
win this thing.
>> NOORY: Let's hear it
for our guest, Lloyd Pye.
Lloyd, thank you, so much.
I appreciate it.
>> PYE: Thank you,
for having me.
I like to watch your show.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: You know, it's
really amazing to think that
I'm holding the skull of an
extraterrestrial being that
visited this planet
some 900 years ago.
It's kind of weird, actually.
But here it is.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]